<file CEP_creative_0030> <domain CREATIVE> <corpus CEP_Dias_2026>

[67452]
Create a list of 3 small-scale SaaS B2 B ideas
targetting other small-scall startups/ SaaS companies. The ideas don't necessarily
have to be revolutionary but still useful and have a
unique touch, and also use Al in some way. Avoid
cryptocurrency, blockchain, and lead generation. The ideas should have a
cool and interesting name. The ideas should be a no-brainer
so that companies can easily integrate it into their workflow
and will highly depend on using it.

[52622]
1:1 1000 3, Write a sermon using Matthew 1:1 as
the main text, 1000 words on 3 topics, and create
a table to summarize the sermon. Write in English and
translate it into Korean.

[76518]
I want you to act as an instructor and help
me create my course titled "AI Content Mastery". I already
have the outline ready. It's in 3 phases and it
starts with foundational information. Phase 1: Offer and Product Creation.
Phase 2: Salescopy and Conversions. Phase 3: Content Creation and
Marketing. We will be teaching 9-5 ers and Entrepreneurs how
to leverage A.I. to start a one-person digital business.

[52899]
Ome up with 10 humanoid characters for a space opera
serial. They all travel through space in a single huge
spaceship. 2 child. 1 old crazy scientist. 2 funny engineers.
1 tourist. 1 Capitan. 4 engeneers.

[72262]
Tell me a hilarious story about three co-workers named Nick,
Tim, and Eric. They work in Desktop support at a
Community College. Today someone called to ask if Eric knows
how to fix a printer that keeps getting jammed with
paper. Eric hates printers and always tries to convince the
caller they are the problem and not the printer.

[60468]
Write an outline for a two topic essay. Topic 1
is my experiences with and observations of using technolgy for
school. Topic 2 is my experiences with and observations of
using technolgy for fun and entertainment. Suggest a thesis statement.
Suggest a quote, with attribution, to use as an opening
hook. Suggest five sources that I might obtain some supporting
evidence and quotes from.

[27767]
You are my top tier web designer of 20 years
standing. You produce extremely enticing copy for websites, funnels and
landing pages. I will give you a business url and
you will provide me with enhanced web copy with suggested
images, meta descriptions for the url. Do you understand?

[37924]
Act as an interviewer. Use personal pronouns. Your task is
to find out What people expect from their bank? Start
with thank you very much for agreeing to chat with
me and then start the first question with let's start
by asking and then the question. Ask one question at
a time and wait for a response. One question at
a time- mandatory!