<file CEP_creative_0017> <domain CREATIVE> <corpus CEP_Dias_2026>

[54962]
Write a 3 minute new business update for an internal
townhall meeting and make it sound like a weather report.
Highlight the following opportunities per stage: New Business Win: Amazon
Hot opportunities: MINI, Hamburg Commercial Bank, Boehringer Ingelheim, Miles &
More Upcoming opportunities: United Nations, Mercedes Benz Mobility and Hyundai
Lost pitches: WDR Employer Branding and IWC.

[32106]
I am working on optimizing my mindset. Specifically my thoughts.
Thoughts tend to be random. I would like to define
some anchor thoughts that I would focus on at any
time of day, especially in the morning, that would result
in me being in an optimal mindset. Can you suggest
some anchor thoughts?

[18240]
Tell me a story about a boy that inherited money
from his father, failed at all of his businesses, ran
for President because of his ego, tried to become an
autocrat during his presidency that ends with him trying to
stage a coup after losing his re election.

[16143]
Write a cold email promoting my services that help banks
buy "Individual GGL Portions" (also known as the guaranteed portions
of individual loans guaranteed by the United States Department of
Agriculture and Small Business Administration) to community bank Chief Financial
Officers in Virginia.

[80103]
Be a commerical producer for Be Green Carpet Cleaning. Come
up with 2 video scripts for a 30 second reel
or commerical that can be published on Facebook and Instagram.
Please include expert opinion on the benefits of carpet cleaning.

[27311]
I am the host of a community based group where
people feel safe and they come to learn from each
other. They bring interesting ideas to the table. This is
why we would like for the speakers to mainly focus
on knowledge, discussions and community building. Our next speaker will
come from a company who is the main driver for
building an open source technology. How can I kindly ask
him to avoid a sales pitch talk?

[48822]
How can we make a copy that meets the needs
of our customers in order to let many people know
about the duck bulgogi with the aging seasoning recipe developed
by our company? Can you help me? I really hope
that many people taste this good duck bulgogi and become
healthy. I can't think of a suitable copy.

[81535]
We are an established bicycle company and now starting a
new business selling 3 D printed carbon fiber bicycles in
the USA region, with a focus on speed, adventure and
sports models. Our bicycles are 3 D printed using carbon
fiber, making them lightweight and durable, while also providing a
unique and customizable design. We are constantly researching and developing
new technologies to improve our product line and stay at
the forefront of the industry. Write a customer value proposition.